1.What concepts or ideas from this reading do you have questions about? These can be concepts that you didn't understand or would like to learn more about. For each concept, write a few sentences that describe the concept as best you can and include your questions about the concept.

I would like to go into more detail on the Lagrange's equation with the proof. I believe it was just wrote in the book on page 20 "However, for the moment, I will simply express the equation without proof and show you how to use it as a tool for obtaining the equation of motion." Unless we plan on going through it in class. 


2.If your generalized coordinates are angles, what will be the units of the generalized velocity and force?

We can start with "The Cartesian velocity is related to the general velocity in the same way as the Cartesian coordinate is related to the generalized coordinate. The relationship is the partial derivative of v_i/ partial derivative of q_j dot is equal to its Cartesian coordinate the partial derivative of x_i/ partial derivative of q_j. If the units for the Cartesian coordinate are distance over time. However, generalized velocity may have units of angular velocity based on angles. For force if q is a dimensionless angle, then generalized force would have units of energy. 

3.Two identical particles are constrained to move on the surface of a sphere of radius R, as shown above. The particles are also connected by a rigid rod of length L. How many constraints are there? Write down the equations for the constraints. Are the constraints holonomic? How many degrees of freedom does this system have?


None of the constraints are holonomic since they do not a velocity, differential, or an inequality that qualifies it to be holonomic. The constraint of the particles on the surface is r >= a but still is not holonomic. Again, the constraint is r >= a. Since the particle is just on the surface of the sphere, the particles would not depend on r. The particles would only depend on phi and theta. Therefore, we would have 2N where N is N particles. Since we have two we have 2*2 creating 4 degrees of freedom. 

